final README updates for 200.5 (#528)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-kotlin-toolkit: microapps/SceneViewCalloutApp/README.md

# SceneView Callout Micro-app

> This micro-app demonstrates the use of `Callout` with a composable `SceneView`. `Callout` is a composable function which renders an empty composable Box placed at some point or GeoElement on a Scene. The content of the composable Box is customizable, while the container of the Box is a stylable rectangular shape with a leader line positioned at the point of the tap or GeoElement passed into the `Callout` composable functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This micro-app showcases the use of `Callout` with a composable `SceneView`. Callout is a composable function that renders an empty composable Box at a specified point or GeoElement on a Scene. The content of the composable Box is customizable, and the container is a stylable rectangular shape with a leader line positioned at the tap location or GeoElement passed into the `Callout` composable function.
```

## Usage

> The application presents a screen with a `SceneView` which when tapped will show a `Callout` and a red graphic cross indicating the tapped location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application displays a screen containing a `SceneView` that, when tapped, shows a Callout and a red graphic cross marking the tapped location.
```

> For more information on the composable `Callout` component and how it works, see it's section in the composable GeoView [Readme](../../toolkit/geoview-compose/README#display-a-callout).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on the composable `Callout` component and how it works, see its section in the composable GeoView [Readme](../../toolkit/geoview-compose#display-a-callout).
```
